FUSETOOLS2-1924 - Migrate VSCode LSP extension readme file to new format (#1205)
camel-tooling/camel-lsp-client-vscode: docs/content/camel-uris.md

## Language service support for Apache Camel URIs

> This feature is supportin both – XML DSL and Java DSL. Auto-completion for Camel components, attributes, and the list of attribute values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is supported in both – XML DSL and Java DSL. Auto-completion for Camel components, attributes, and the list of attribute values
```

Author: nice catch, thanks
